Good morning.
Sorry I was running a little behind this morning,
but at least I come bearing gifts.
Oh, no worries, thank you.
I could really use it today.
Were you also thinking about that announcement
about the special preaching campaign?
Yeah, yeah it was.
Don't take what I'm gonna say the wrong way, but
don't you think the message will be preaching is pretty harsh?
No, I wouldn't say that, but it's definitely very direct.
I mean, people already get defensive whenever you challenge their beliefs,
and this is gonna be next level.
This isn't gonna be the easiest message to deliver,
but you know, it's not the first time we've done this.
Really?
Absolutely.
I don't know if you remember me telling you that my family's originally from Quebec,
and my dad was part of an incredibly hard-hitting witness back in the 40s.
I looked this up last night.
He had to distribute a tract that called out the local religious leaders as hypocrites.
What were they doing?
They were inciting their followers to mob violence against the witnesses,
telling them to vandalize our properties,
even getting brothers falsely arrested and imprisoned.
Wow.
And they had to distribute that tract during the violence.
They had to.
Jehovah wanted to show how unjust their actions were,
but I remember my dad telling me he said that initially he was pretty terrified.
Yeah, I mean, that's how I feel.
I'm terrified.
It's normal to feel that way.
I've been thinking about it myself,
and I thought of an account in Exodus.
It's where Moses tells the Israelites
to splatter the blood of a ram on their doorposts
in order to avoid the effects of the last plague.
And I thought about how some of the Israelites
might have felt about doing that back then.
Every family.
Rams are sacred to the Egyptians.
Yeah, this would be an affront to Amonron.
How are the Egyptians going to react?
I know, I've thought about that too.
Does Moses know what he's asking us to do?
Brothers, I don't know if we have anything to worry about.
We don't have anything to fear.
Think of how Jehovah's protected us with these last legs.
And as for the blood, it's not a matter of offending them.
It's a matter of protecting us.
It's showing whose side we're on.
Jehovah's side.
Looking back what the Israelites did was actually good news.
It meant their deliverance.
And it's the same with any message we bear today.
Let me show you one of my favorite scriptures.
Isaiah chapter 41, verse 10.
It says, Do not be afraid for I am with you.
Do not be anxious for I am your God.
I will fortify you. Yes, I will help you.
I will really hold on to you with my right hand of righteousness.
The fear we feel is natural.
But remember, Jehovah was with the Israelites.
He was with my dad.
And he will be with us.
The message we are sharing is good news.